The preaching work in Turkey has experienced
a period of exciting growth.
The old branch facilities in Istanbul
became too small for the increasing needs.
So our brothers found
two floors in an office tower
that would provide suitable work space
for Bethel departments.
A nearby residential building provides
accommodations for the Bethel family.
To celebrate the dedication
of the new branch facilities,
delegates from all over the world
came to Istanbul.
Special events and activities
were organized to welcome them,
and on May 12, 2018,
Brother Mark Sanderson of the Governing Body
gave an encouraging branch dedication talk.
Is it your wish
that we should dedicate these facilities
to the worship and to the praise
of our magnificent God, Jehovah?
In the first century, the apostle Paul
wrote about this part of the world
that the good news
was “bearing fruit and increasing.”
The same is true today.
The need for Kingdom proclaimers here
is great,
and with a new branch dedicated
to supporting the preaching work,
our zealous brothers in Turkey are sure
that Paul’s words
will continue to prove true.